Tacit appreciation, you say,
You come from Qianlin,
Then you tell me to persuade.
Two thousand years later, why should the country be so different now?
I, Da Qin, am a great legend,
Everything is successful, no answer can be given.
Your fate will be the same as that of this village.
Will be tasted by garbage.
King Sichuan Wen and Qin took office.
Smile, he will come over and give you a proposition as soon as he comes up.
But now in direct light
We can’t talk about the history of pushing the king of submission
hindsight evaluation
Cruelty is not the enemy's strength
Ask a group of people about their wedding gathering
It's a stinky outsider's grandmother's roll
You were the first one to stand in front of Gu
Maniac
What you can gather, Hu Ju, and Lanbei said
self-made
But the crime
The twenty-two kings of Qinzi
Zuo is the uniform of our wedding
Losing your mind to death as if you have nothing
I dare to kill you